hey welcome back everyone will tis the
season to splurge and make some
wonderful seafood and chef Matt winters
from the executive chef at the mark and
festival foods is here with us today to
show us some great new seafood recipes
good morning Matt good to see you good
to see you I have to tell you I was at
festival the other day and I I walked by
the seafood department and I did a
double take and came right back because
Wow have you brought in some great stuff
for the holidays aren't these amazing
Wow yeah you can I saw these shrimp are
actually are jumbo prawns and they're
really almost the size of lobster tails
talk about a WOW factor man these are
fantastic if you're having a holiday
party and you want to really impress
somebody this is what you need I wish we
had a little the regular shrimp next to
him because you could just see how big
they are I don't know if you're getting
at if you go to festival you'll actually
see it first and how big they are but
one to two of those will do somebody I
mean I mean we'll fill you right up and
they're just like showstoppers so we're
going to take this these jumbo wonderful
prawns and just give them some great
flavor but it's really an easy recipe
it's very very simple we're going to do
some compound butters mm-hmm and we're
gonna start with the chili light and
it's a little bit of a southwestern
Flair it's a tiny bit of spice a little
bit of sweetness to it with some roses
lime juice then we're gonna put that on
the shrimp and pop them in the oven to
broil them up yum they're really good
and these compound butters I mean you
can do all different flavors you did a
just a regular simple garlic butter one
you could totally make them ahead of
time oh absolutely you can make these
you can make these months I had actually
unfreeze them and then pull them out of
journey love it and they're great on
steaks brands seafood tell me I'm going
to check on the ones we've got in the
oven the shrimp tell me what's in the
garlic butter compound the garlic has
just got garlic some scallions and a
little bit of fresh squeezed lemon juice
and some whole butter that's it so
really really simple we'll put the full
recipe for that on our website but let's
go ahead and make this chili butter so
starts out with a little bit of softened
butter okay go ahead and throw two
sticks in this crap half a pound two
sticks of butter and you know we're
going to be putting some on eat shrimp
so it's not like we're all getting a
stick of butter right so this makes a
nice big bash this goes a long way okay
so two sticks of butter what's next for
a little bit of scallions in ok so maybe
handle a couple of two couple
tablespoons okay well like that's good
okay a little bit of the roses lime
juice down three tablespoons of that and
now I asked chef I said why aren't we
using just
straight up regular lime juice why we're
using the roses this has got a little
bit of sweetness to it that plays with
the spice of the chili powder and it
really brings it out the straight line
is good and you can use that if you
prefer there's nothing wrong with it i
just happen to like the combination of
these flavors and a lot of us might have
the roses right in our borrowers anyway
so which is nice you know holidays yeah
exactly all right so the butter the
scallions the roses lime juice a little
bit of soy ok so I thought it was a bit
of a background flavor okay and then
about a tablespoon or two of the chili
powder okay you dead mixin put into your
mixer and let it go all right I'll talk
about these shrimp so we get him home
from the grocery store what do we do
with it well what's going on beautiful
thing is these are pre split ok so
they've already been cut down the back
ok look so already butterfly it almost
almost so we're going to finish that out
we're just going to open them up and
pull the legs off it's very simple
that's just garbage once you get that
she'll split lift it right out of there
and you just pull it out if you can't
quite pull it you can use your shears to
snip it sure what you nice i was gonna
say yeah yep once you get that laid down
come right down the back here and there
already Devane for you already do you
mean everything to learn nice and clean
so you just want to cut but not all the
way through you just want to open that
guy up okay yep and then we're going to
go right back in the shell we're going
to open this up ok so for presentation
put them back in there well presentation
and flavor you actually pick up some
flavor from the shell in the baking
process I'll let you keep working on it
all right so show us how we actually
well it goes in what you do with the
butter is just take a tablespoon or so
put that right on top and pop it in the
oven and it's ready to go and what it
should be the under other temperature uh
I usually sell mine about 350 degrees
and let it go for anywhere from 10 to 15
minutes you want the flesh of the of the
shrimp to be firm to the touch so and
everybody's having is a little bit
different absolutely it's always a range
of yeah 15 now let's say you didn't do
these big huge guys you'd certainly use
this compound butter and in any kind of
you know shrimp any kind of shrimp will
work just adjust your cooking time the
smaller the shrimp the last time it'll
take to cook and even if you're getting
like the medium-sized ones you could
just put that in like a dish with the
butter oh sure you set a butterfly you
can even melt this down use it as a dip
with a cocktail shrimp you could grill
your shrimp and dip it you can melted
brush it over stuff while you're
grilling it yeah there's a lot of
different uses for absolutely so i want
to show you these that just came out of
the oven we put free on the plate we did
too with the chili line and that would
be nice to serve us some fresh lime for
you know and you're squeezing on time
maybe some margaritas yeah and this is
the one with the garlic butter with the
garlic and the parsley in there is that
little scallion yum recipes are all on
our website and let me tell you if you
really want to do something special this
holiday season check out those prawns
chef Matt's going to stick around and
basically we're going to do stuff shrimp
and stuff lobster correct and also going
to show you how to make because I never
know how to do this and mine he'll never
taste like it does at the restaurant
classic drawn butter dirt for all that
seafood because there is a little trick
to doing that I understand sir we've got
a recipe so we'll be right back stay
with us young